README.md, before:

![discord.py Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/lib-discord.py%201.7.0-blue)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-Python%203.9-green)

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quotientbot.xyz/">
    <img src="https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/kyAZe_dSdtyWkGpY2gj3bQ5QmlZ2FXIGn1sMLu7E0ks/%3Fsize%3D1024/https/cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/746348747918934096/d6d9b5c3476078f542a56699bf5d391a.png?width=656&height=656" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Quotient Bot</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A very powerful, multipurpose and fully customizable discord bot!
    <br />
    <a href="https://quotientbot.xyz/"><strong>Explore website »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6">Discord Server</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=746348747918934096&permissions=21175985838&redirect_uri=https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6&response_type=code&scope=bot">Invite Quotient</a>
  </p>
</p>

## Running

I would prefer if you don't run an instance of Quotient. You can directly invite it from the above given URL. The source here is provided for educational purposes only.

If you still want to run Quotient on your machine, here are the steps you want to do:

1. Make sure you have [Python 3.8](https://www.python.org/) or higher.
2. Setup Environment. (We used [`poetry`](https://pypi.org/project/poetry/))
3. Setup [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) database
4. Setup [Tortoise-ORM](https://github.com/tortoise/tortoise-orm)
5. Rename example_config.py to config.py and fill in all the secrets
6. Run `./src/bot.py`

<!-- CONTRIBUTION -->

## Contribute

If You are looking forward to contribute to the project , we would like you to know that we love easter eggs.
Maybe you can try hiding some in your code too : )

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MPL-2.0. See [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/quotientbot/Quotient-Bot/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

since we do not support self-hosting

README.md, after:

![discord.py Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/lib-discord.py%201.7.0-blue)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-Python%203.9-green)

<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://quotientbot.xyz/">
    <img src="https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/kyAZe_dSdtyWkGpY2gj3bQ5QmlZ2FXIGn1sMLu7E0ks/%3Fsize%3D1024/https/cdn.discordapp.com/avatars/746348747918934096/d6d9b5c3476078f542a56699bf5d391a.png?width=656&height=656" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Quotient Bot</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A very powerful, multipurpose and fully customizable discord bot!
    <br />
    <a href="https://quotientbot.xyz/"><strong>Explore website »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6">Discord Server</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=746348747918934096&permissions=21175985838&redirect_uri=https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6&response_type=code&scope=bot">Invite Quotient</a>
  </p>
</p>

## Can I self-host Quotient?

We would rather prefer you not running a direct cloned instance of Quotient. It would be a ton better to just [`Invite`](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=746348747918934096&permissions=21175985838&redirect_uri=https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6&response_type=code&scope=bot) the bot.The source here is only for educational purpose and to maintain transparency on how we collect, use your data and off-course on how Quotient's primary features work. We also do not take any responsibility if the code malfunctions on your side.

If you decide to edit, compile or use this code in any way. Kindly respect the [`LICENSE`](https://github.com/quotientbot/Quotient-Bot/blob/main/LICENSE).

<!-- CONTRIBUTION -->

## How do I contribute?

If you are looking forward to contribute to the project, we welcome you with open arms. kindly open an issue first for discussion.
It's also a good option to join the [`Support Server`](https://discord.gg/aBM5xz6) and get into touch with anyone having @team role.

There are also some easter eggs in the code, let's see if you can find some :wink:
